# Monthly Financial Report

## Introduction
Financial reporting is extremely important for all businesses; at any level, in any industry. The aim of a financial report is to extract insights from the data that will help inform decision-makers so they can improve business performance and results. Specifically, financial reports can help decision-makers identify trends, optimize operations, manage resource allocation, set realistic goals, assess performance, etc. Having a monthly financial report keeps decision-makers up to date, allowing them to make adjustments more frequently. Using a dynamic report offers the flexibility to make observations at both the micro and macro level. This monthly financial report for a logistics company includes four dynamic dashboards, allowing the user to quickly view relevant stats for a given month, monthly growth or look deeper into the data related to a specific carrier or customer. It provides both the power and flexibility to help inform decision-makers so they can improve business performance and results. And the best part is, the user simply has to copy-and-paste the data for their latest month and click a button to generate a new report every month!

## Additional Note
This project uses Python to randomly generate order data for a logistics company operating within Canada. The generated data includes the order ID, order date, customer account, customer type, shipping address, receiving address, carrier, skid count, weight, shipping cost and carrier fee. This data is then written into an Excel spreadsheet where VBA is used to transform the data, as well as update all of the pivot tables and associated visuals found in the dashboards. Each dashboard includes slicers, or easy to use filtering and sorting options; allowing the viewer to see exactly the data that they are interested in. These dashboards give a breakdown of the overall stats for the current month, monthly growth compared to the previous month, as well as a breakdown by carrier and customer.
